# Chat-Application
A super cool chat interface for Android. To use just download apk file on target device. 

# Known-concern:
I'm concerned as the number of messages grows into the hundreds or thousands that the app may slow down significantly. I'm not sure if this is actually the case (I have not populated application with enough messages). However, in order to create the interface, I needed to find a way to dyamically switch between different styles for messages I "received" and messages I sent. This could have been done by writing a custom listView adapter, however I didn't feel that I had time. Instead I used a custom list adapter called seperate list adapter created by Jeff Sharkey (http://jsharkey.org/blog/2008/08/18/separating-lists-with-headers-in-android-09/). This adapter was intended to create custom headers for a settings page and the adapter assumed (I think) that all of the headers to be populated before the list app started running. To work around this and to add "headers" dynamically I unset the list added a header to the adapter and then reset the list. I'm not sure if the adapter sends list items to the list view or if the list view simply inflates the adapter. If the adapter sends items to the list view then every time a new message is sent the listview is being repopulated with lots of items. I'm not sure if this is actually happening or not but if it is you should not use this method and instead should write your own adapter.

# Known Bug
The messages will clear the screen when the orientation is changed with the software keyboard open. This can be fixed easily with additional persistance but I have not done it yet.
